README.md, before:

# Lite Rx API Hands-on

This Hands-on is designed to help you to learn easily the lite Rx API provided by [Reactor Core 3.x](https://github.com/reactor/reactor-core/).

You will mostly need these 3 classes Javadoc:

 - [Flux](http://projectreactor.io/docs/core/release/api/reactor/core/publisher/Flux.html)
 - [Mono](http://projectreactor.io/docs/core/release/api/reactor/core/publisher/Mono.html)
 - [StepVerifier](http://projectreactor.io/docs/test/release/api/reactor/test/StepVerifier.html)
 
To do this Hands-on, you just have to:

 - Have [Java 8](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html) and a Java IDE ([IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) for example) installed with Maven support
 - Clone this repository (or your fork)
 - Import the project as a Maven one in your IDE
 - Make sure that the language level is set to Java 8 in your IDE project settings
 - Fix the TODO one by one in Part01 to Part11 main classes in `io.pivotal.literx` package
   to make unit tests green (you can have a look at the unit tests too if you want)

The solution is available in the `complete` branch to compare, when you have finished, with what you have done.

A Kotlin version that takes advantage of [reactor-kotlin-extensions](https://github.com/reactor/reactor-kotlin-extensions) is available [here](https://github.com/eddumelendez/reactor-kotlin-workshop).
 
More information available on [Reactor website](http://projectreactor.io).

Commit message:

update the readme with some personal thoughts

README.md, after:

#Personal Notes : 
 - The first 4 parts were fairely straight forward since I already had an idea of streams and read a few articles about reactive programming.
 - The later parts got a bit tricky since I hade no knowledge of the existance of some operations, and it was a nice chance to read the docs about them.
 - still need to read more indepth into this, and get used to it, over all I find this very interesting.


#####original readme:
# Lite Rx API Hands-on

This Hands-on is designed to help you to learn easily the lite Rx API provided by [Reactor Core 3.x](https://github.com/reactor/reactor-core/).

You will mostly need these 3 classes Javadoc:

 - [Flux](http://projectreactor.io/docs/core/release/api/reactor/core/publisher/Flux.html)
 - [Mono](http://projectreactor.io/docs/core/release/api/reactor/core/publisher/Mono.html)
 - [StepVerifier](http://projectreactor.io/docs/test/release/api/reactor/test/StepVerifier.html)
 
To do this Hands-on, you just have to:

 - Have [Java 8](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html) and a Java IDE ([IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) for example) installed with Maven support
 - Clone this repository (or your fork)
 - Import the project as a Maven one in your IDE
 - Make sure that the language level is set to Java 8 in your IDE project settings
 - Fix the TODO one by one in Part01 to Part11 main classes in `io.pivotal.literx` package
   to make unit tests green (you can have a look at the unit tests too if you want)

The solution is available in the `complete` branch to compare, when you have finished, with what you have done.

A Kotlin version that takes advantage of [reactor-kotlin-extensions](https://github.com/reactor/reactor-kotlin-extensions) is available [here](https://github.com/eddumelendez/reactor-kotlin-workshop).
 
More information available on [Reactor website](http://projectreactor.io).
